you can prevent injuries you just have
to know which injury you're trying to
prevent movements like this would most
likely injure a professional athlete but
if you prepare yourself with regressed
exercises the chances of injury
significantly decreases let's say you're
on a walk-in you slip you're definitely
going to injure yourself unless you've
taken the time to build up the ability
to lengthen the hamstrings and more
importantly strengthen them in those
lengthened positions injury prevention
is knowing how to safely expose yourself
to the vulnerable positions so instead
of starting with a crazy Advanced
exercise like this start with something
that you can do and over time your body
will adapt and become less injury-prone
when something like this happens it
doesn't actually have to set you back
look he was fine stay
flexy